hey welcome to mlssoccer.com playoffs
entra along with Andrew Evie I'm Katie
with them we are getting you set for the
Eastern Conference championship it's a
three-part series and right now it's all
about history Andrew and poor New York
and New England way off this tree might
be something you want to forget yeah a
little bit tortured Katie it hasn't gone
the way either fan base has wanted let's
start with the head-to-head matchups
2003-2005 and 2007 Red Bulls fans out
there will not be surprised to know that
they lost all three of those revs fans
they'll know that 2005 and 2007 they
went to mls cup and they lost and that
is kind of indicative of where these two
teams have been in the playoffs on the
Red Bulls side it's the curse of
curricula for a reason 14 of 19 seasons
they've been in the postseason they get
there there's no doubt about that they
just don't do much once they're there
just three conference finals all time
this will be the third and just one MLS
Cup you'll remember they lost in 2008 to
the Columbus Crew so they'll have
something to prove here I know you want
to support a shield last year in New
York but this is the playoffs this is
money time in West Cup that's what it's
all about the fan base knows that Mike
Peck he knows that the players know that
they'll be gunning for that trophy on
the other side always second place
always the bridesmaid right Katie the
Buffalo Bills right little bills New
England for trips and musk up for losses
no they didn't lose four straight and I
did was free straight from 2005 to 2007
and Jay Heaps has been there for all of
this all of this except one postseason
journey 11 times the Reds have gone to
the playoffs 10 times keeps has been
apart eight times as a player two times
as a coach now he'll desperately
desperately want MLS Cup he'll want to
add that trophy to the trophy case and
he'll believe as will his players after
a banner season for them a banner second
half for sure that they're in position
to capture that title well you mentioned
it three times head to head in the
playoffs have these two clubs faced each
other with New England advancing but
they may argue there are two completely
different clubs right now and you can
see that when you look at their
head-to-head in 2014
regular season this year in New York
completely dominating the English and
that's a little bit surprising based on
where they ended up in the standing yeah
two matchups two wins I don't think
anybody out there wasn't paying
attention would have guessed that one
the most surprising of the two was the
first in early June New York Red Bulls
had not one gillette stadium since wait
for it 2002 that was the year the
building opened one of the players on
the field for then the metrostars it
wasn't even the Red Bulls at that time
was Mike petke which is a nice little
piece of history there for you to take
home that was their last win it took 20
games until 2014 they finally did it
again a 20 win for them at Gillette but
a little bit of an outlier Katie Matt
meows get started in both these wins for
the Red Bulls he got a red card in the
second Ibrahim sakali you played in
midfield in these neither team fielding
the teams that we're seeing right now it
wasn't first choice for either team and
it seemed not about gillette by the way
Thierry Henry has never played there so
if he plays in the second leg that will
be the very very first time the second
leg a bit of a little bit of a weird
game too I mentioned the red card to
meows go but an early goal by Charlie
Davies that got him going it was first
this year for him it's what helped him
submit himself in the line up there in
early August now on the other side too
brilliant goals undid the Rebs Dax
McCarty busting out the pitching wedge
he shipped Bobby Shuttleworth that's not
a moment that Bobbie will want to
remember and brother I Phillips just
does what he does even down to 10 min if
you get the ball and he's foot in the
box he's gonna score a brilliant
left-footed curler from him to get to
win their red bull arena the Red Bulls
they'll be confident they know they have
the head head results but I think both
Jay Heaps am Mike pekeno that those
games are not indicative of what these
teams are right now no and one big
reason as to why they aren't one key
piece for New England that was missing
that's there now and Jermaine Jones so
when you look at this how do they match
up I think they're pretty similar right
now Katie you're looking at two managers
that want to try it out of 42 31 both
want to go with that single striker both
have a go to creator in the midfield
area we win of course MV Lee as many of
you know him out there is the guy for
New England he's scoring goals and
creating play on the other side tyrion
really know all about him he's a World
Cup winner he's setting up Bradley
wright-phillips at a crazy pace right
now but both teams are
ones that are going to come out and
punch you in the mouth from the start
they're going to sit back a little bit
they're going to invite a little bit of
pressure they're going to stay organized
and then they're going to try to get you
in situations where it's 3v2 on the
flank for v3 to v2 in the open field and
get those skilled players on the ball
and we've seen up to this point their
skill players have Trump every other one
in the eastern conference so far both
teams explosive but neither team one
that's going to really come out and push
the issue organization and then break
when the opportunity presents themselves
well for more on the key matchups and
what we need to see from some of the big
stars in this one make sure to tune back
in for our second portion of this
three-part series the third one though
is going to be all about you guys we
want to hear what you think your
questions about this Eastern Conference
championship let us know by finding us
on Twitter asking your questions or
leave it in the comments right below
here remember don't forget to watch the
first leg of the Eastern Conference
championship Sunday November 23rd 130
p.m. Eastern kick it's on NBC and as
always keep checking in right here at
mlssoccer.com for all your playoff
coverage